Complete:
    Website:
        Homepage
        Sessions
        Login and Logout functionality.
        Personal homepage.
        Theming: Start on making a dark theme and changing the shape/color of different buttons.
        Making blog posts: Store in database and use username to link them to the user.
        Randomized session key generator: Remove reliance on .env files
        Bootstrap JS: Needed for mobile devices
        Profiles: Displaying User's posts for easier viewing, Editing profiles and adding personal descriptions\
        Archives: User Post Archives that are broken down by date. Should be perfect to test today.
        File reorganization and refactoring: Organization for readability.
        Admin Dashboard: Administrative user interface for database and admin features.
        QOL Changes: Delete posts, delete accounts, and other small changes.
        Actual Homepage: Getting rid of lipsum text. (Include logo, additional information and a header.)
        Jinja Templating: Because my websites look like an inconsistent hot mess.
        Search Functions:A simple search page that queries the database. (Likely to remove tags and instead just search by title, author or content.)
        Docker Migration: Migrating the website to a docker container.
        Feed Functionality: Allows users to see content from people that they follow.
        Profile images(?): Need server/service where I can host them. (Might be done in docker)
In Progress:
    Secured forms: CSRF tokens and other security measures.
        Completed Tokens:
            Login
            Register
            Edit Profile
            New post
            Search
            Admin Dashboard
        Needed:
            Delete Post
            Edit Post
    Nginx Integration: Need to integrate nginx into the docker container.
Not started:
    Verification methods for new users: Email 2FA, Google 2FA, etc.
    Kubernetes Integration: Likely begin in late march.
    Website redesign: New color scheme, new layout, new everything, libraries for Advanced text editing.
    Kubernetes Testing: Testing the website on a kubernetes cluster.

Prototype Version 1 features:
    Be able to log in and create and account.
    Be able to edit your profile by changing your picture, username, and bio.
    Be able to create posts, edit and delete them.
    Follow users and search for posts using keywords and tags.
    Be able to view your own posts and posts from users that you follow.
    Encountering any errors will be logged to a file and redirected to a given page.
    Be able to view the source code of the website.
    Be able to view the website on mobile devices and desktops.
Overall, prototype 1 needs to have basic functionality down before I can start building atop it.
Once prototype 1 is finished, a branch will be created for the next iteration and will be updated daily as a canary build.
Prototype one will be completed by the end of March, and will have a docker image ready to be deployed to my k3s cluster..